ACD-416 (#6)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: RetailSuiteAccounting/Operation/02_ReviewAccount.md

[!!User Interface balances](../UserInterface/01b_Balances.md)  
[!!User Interface account sheet](../UserInterface/01c_AccountSheet.md)  
[!!User Interface accounts](../UserInterface/02b_Accounts.md)  
[!!Manage the accounts](../Integration/03_ManageAccounts.md)  

> # Review an account

Reviewer: Ich weiß, die Überschrift stammt aus meinem Ticket, aber findest du "Review" hier passend? Vielleicht lieber "Check"?

> # Review an account

Author: ```suggestion
# Check an account
```

> The *Book* menu entry in the *Accounting* module contains specific functions to display different views of the data available in the system. All bookings recorded in the *Accounting* module can be filtered per account and period and visually displayed for better clarity or for checking purposes.

Reviewer: Was hat der Einleitungssatz mit dem Kapitel "Review an account zu tun? da fehlt mir die Verbindung.

## Access the balance view of an account

>  The *BALANCES* tab offers a T-account view of the current credit and debit situation, and the resulting balance of a selected account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access the *BALANCES* tab to display a T-account view of the current credit and debit situation, and the resulting balance of a selected account and/or contra account.
```

> 
>  The balance value represents the difference between credits and debits in the account. If the debit and credit totals are equal, the balance is settled. If a difference between them exists, there is an outstanding balance to be settled, for example, a payment must be made to bring the account balance to zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The balance value represents the difference between credits and debits in the account. If the debit and credit totals are equal, the balance is settled. If a difference between them exists, there is an outstanding balance to be settled, for example, a payment must be made to bring the account balance to zero.
```

>  > [Info] When clicking the *BALANCES* tab, a blank tab and the message "No account selected" may be displayed. An account must be selected to display the corresponding details. If a booking is selected in the *BOOKINGS* tab, the account and contra account details corresponding to the selected booking will be displayed in the *BALANCES* tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > [Info] When directly clicking the *BALANCES* tab, a blank tab with the notice *No account selected* is displayed. An account must be selected to display the corresponding details. If a booking is previously selected in the *BOOKINGS* tab, the account and contra account details of the selected booking will be displayed in the *BALANCES* tab.
```

#### Prerequisites

> - The accounting is configured via the configuration wizard, see [Run the accounting wizard](../Integration/01_RunAccountingWizard.md).
> - A valid fiscal year is created, see [Create a fiscal year](../Integration/04_ManageFiscalYear.md#create-a-fiscal-year).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Die Voraussetzungen müssen erfüllt sein, um ein gültiges Wirtschaftsjahr auswählen zu können und müssen daher nicht mehr explizit aufgeführt werden.

> - A fiscal year is selected, see [Select fiscal year](./01_SelectFiscalYear.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A fiscal year is selected, see [Select fiscal year](./01_SelectFiscalYear.md).
```

#### Procedure

*Accounting > Select fiscal year > Book > Tab BALANCES*

![Balances - no account selected](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Book/Balances/BalancesNoAccount.png "[Balances - no account selected]")

> > [Info] When clicking the *BALANCES* tab, a blank tab and the message "No account selected" may be displayed. An account must be selected to display the corresponding details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
kann hier weg, bereits im Einleitungsteil

1. Enter an account number in the *Contra account* field.  
The balance for the selected account is displayed on the left side of the workspace.

2. Enter an account number in the *Account* field.  

> The balance for the selected account is displayed on the right side of the workspace.

Reviewer: Muss ich Konto und Gegenkonto aufrufen? Oder ich welchem Fall mache ich das? -> vielleicht noch in den Einleitungssatz rein.
Ansonsten zusätzlich ein "if desired" an die satzanfänge, um zu zeigen, dass nicht Konot und gegenkonto angegeben sein müssen...

> 3. Select *[All months]* or *[Only this month]* radio button to filter the values to be displayed as necessary.  
> The balance for all months (entire fiscal year) or for the current month is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```suggestion
3. If desired, select the *All months* radio button to display the balances for the entire fiscal year. By default, the *Only this month* radio button is preselected and the balances for the current month are displayed. 
```
Stimmt das mit dem Monat? Oder werden die Salden des aktuellen Journals angezeigt?

Author: Journal und Montag sind nicht deutlich auseinander getrennt. Unsicher! RS mit FH notwendig.

>   ![Balances](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Book/Balances/Balances.png "[Balances]")

Reviewer: Bild schon vor Schritt drei anzeigen

## Access the account sheet

The *ACCOUNT SHEET* tab displays a chronologically ordered list of all movements in a specific account. Account sheets can be later used for balance sheet calculations and profit and loss statements.

> > [Info] When clicking the *ACCOUNT SHEET* tab, a blank tab and the message "No account selected" may be displayed. An account must be selected to display the corresponding details. If a booking is selected in the *BOOKINGS* tab, the details of the account specified in the *Contra Account* field are displayed in the *ACCOUNT SHEET* tab. If the *Contra Account* field is empty, the details of the account specified in the *Account* field are displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [Info] When directly clicking the *ACCOUNT SHEET* tab, a blank tab with the notice *No account selected* is displayed. An account must be selected to display the corresponding details. If a booking is previously selected in the *BOOKINGS* tab, the details of the account specified in the *Contra Account* field are displayed in the *ACCOUNT SHEET* tab. If the *Contra Account* field is empty, the details of the account specified in the *Account* field are displayed.
```

#### Prerequisites

> - The accounting is configured via the configuration wizard, see [Run the accounting wizard](../Integration/01_RunAccountingWizard.md).
> - A valid fiscal year is created, see [Create a fiscal year](../Integration/04_ManageFiscalYear.md#create-a-fiscal-year).
> - A fiscal year is selected, see [Select fiscal year](./01_SelectFiscalYear.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A fiscal year is selected, see [Select fiscal year](./01_SelectFiscalYear.md).
```

#### Procedure

*Accounting > Select fiscal year > Book > Tab ACCOUNT SHEET*

![Account sheet - no account selected](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Book/AccountSheet/AccountSheetNoAccount.png "[Account sheet - no account selected]")

> > [Info] When clicking the *ACCOUNT SHEET* tab, a blank tab and the message "No account selected" may be displayed. An account or contra account must be selected to display the corresponding details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
steht bereits in Einleitungssatz

> 1. Enter an account number in the *Contra account* or *Account* field. Press Enter.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enter an account number in the *Contra account* or *Account* field and exit the field.  
```

A chronologically ordered list of all bookings in the selected account is displayed in the workspace.

>   > [Info] If both *Contra account* and *Account* fields are filled out, for example, if a booking from the *BOOKING* tab is selected, the system displays the details related to the account number entered in the *Contra account* field. If no account number is entered in the *Contra account* field, the system displays the details related to the account number entered in the *Account* field.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > [Info] If both *Contra account* and *Account* fields are filled in, the details of the account entered in the *Contra account* field are displayed. If no account number is entered in the *Contra account* field, the details of the account entered in the *Account* field are displayed.  
```

2. Select *[All months]* or *[Only this month]* radio button to filter the bookings to be displayed as necessary.  
The bookings for all months (entire fiscal year) or for the current month are displayed.

>   ![Account sheet](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Book/AccountSheet/AccountSheet.png "[Account sheet]")

Reviewer: Bild schon vor Schritt 2
